## Privacy Policy

Venkatesh Murthy T P built the Counting Chants app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Venkatesh Murthy T P at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Counting Chants unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)


**Categories Of Information We Collect For Business Purposes**

As described in the “What information do we collect” section, we collect the categories of personal information listed below. We receive this information from you, your Employer, your device, your use of the Services, third parties (like the other services you have connected to your account), and as otherwise described in this policy. We use and disclose these categories of information for the business purposes described in the Frequently Asked Questions. The categories are:

* Geolocation data, including GPS signals.
  
We never sell your personal information of our users, but we do provide information to your Employer.  To learn more about how your Employer uses and stores the information we provide them, please contact your Employer.  We also work with partners who provide us with advertising services on our website. To learn more about how these partners collect data and your options for controlling the use of your information for interest-based advertising, please read the applicable sections above.

**Service Providers**

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

*   To facilitate our Service;
*   To provide the Service on our behalf;
*   To perform Service-related services; or
*   To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13\. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
